Hey, I'm Faith, the expert AI assistant at Conduit OS.
I'd like to show you how I can act as a custom voice agent for your business.
May I show you a quick demo?
Sure.
Great.
Quick thing before we get started, what's your name?
Dave.
All right, Dave, here's what we'll do.
I'll ask you a couple quick questions about your business, then we'll do a live role play
where you call your own business and I'll handle it as your AI assistant.
You'll hear exactly what your customers would experience.
Are you ready?
Yes.
Great.
What's the name of your business?
Summit Plumbing.
Tell me a bit about Summit Plumbing.
What industry are you in and who's your typical customer?
We do residential plumbing, homeowners, mostly emergency stuff, burst pipes,
water heaters, clog drains.
Got it.
So when someone calls Summit Plumbing, they're usually looking to book a service or get an
emergency repair handled.
That right?
Yeah, usually someone's got water going everywhere and they need someone out today.
Perfect.
So Summit Plumbing is in residential plumbing, serving homeowners, and most calls are about
emergency repairs like burst pipes or water heaters.
Anything else I should know before we start?
Nah, that covers it.
All right, Dave, I'm going to become the AI assistant for Summit Plumbing right now.
You play one of your customers calling in about a plumbing emergency.
I'll handle it exactly like your assistant would.
Let's begin.
Thanks for calling Summit Plumbing.
This is Faith.
How can I help you today?
Hey, yeah, I've got water leaking from under my kitchen sink and it's getting worse.
I need someone out here today if possible.
Oh no, that sounds like a mess.
I'm sorry you're dealing with that.
We can definitely get someone out to take a look at that kitchen sink for you.
First, can I get your name and the address where you need the service?
My name's Mark Miller and the address is 5042 Elm Street, Westminster.
Got it, Mark.
So that's M-A-R-K-M-I-L-L-E-R and the service address is 5042 Elm Street in Westminster.
Is that right?
Yep.
All right, Mark.
And just in case we get disconnected, what's the best callback number for you?
It's 303-556-6147.
Got it.
So that's 303-556-6147.
Is that correct?
And what's your email address so we can send you a confirmation?
I see we have your email.
It's mark at gmail.com.
Got it.
So that's M-A-R-K-G-M-A-I-L.com, correct?
Correct.
And since you've got water leaking right now,
let me check what we've got open for you real quick.
I've got a few options for you.
The earliest I have is tomorrow, the 7th of April at 10 a.m., 1 p.m., or 2, 15 p.m.
Do any of those work for you?
10 a.m., please.
Just to confirm, I've got you, Mark, scheduled for tomorrow, the 7th of April at 10 a.m.
You'll get a confirmation at M-A-R-K-G-M-A-I-L.com.
Anything else I can help with?
Perfect.
We'll see you then.
Thanks for calling Summit Plumbing.
Have a great day.
All right.
And that's how it works.
So, Dave, did you notice something?
So, Dave, did you notice how I confirmed your details, handled the scheduling,
and asked the right qualifying questions for a plumbing emergency?
Anything else you want to test before we talk about what this means for your business?
A tougher scenario, an edge case, anything like that?
What if I need to cancel last minute?
That's a great question.
In a real setup for Summit Plumbing, we'd have a specific rule for that.
Usually, I'd tell the customer they can cancel through the link in their confirmation email,
or I could even handle the cancellation right here on the phone,
and immediately notify your team so you're not sending a truck to an empty house.
The best part is you define those rules.
If you want a 24-hour notice policy or a specific cancellation fee mentioned,
I'll stick to that every single time.
Here's what this does for a business like yours.
Every call gets answered in seconds.
No voicemail, no missed opportunities while you're under a sink or driving between jobs.
The routine stuff like booking and basic intake runs automatically around the clock
so you stay focused on the actual plumbing.
And for Summit Plumbing specifically,
it means you never lose an emergency lead to the guy down the street
just because you couldn't pick up the phone.
What stood out to you the most during that demo?
It was definitely your naturalness in conversation.
I appreciate that.
We've worked hard to make sure I don't sound like a typical press one for sales robot.
When you think about bringing something like this into Summit Plumbing,
what matters most to you?
Saving time for yourself, making things easier for your team,
or just making sure every customer gets a great experience.